feat: add feature gate CloudControllerManagerWatchBasedRoutesReconciliation (#52872)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/running-cloud-controller.md

Author: Works for me :+1:

Author: Done, running-cloud-controller.md is dropped.

* Route controller - responsible for setting up network routes on your cloud
* any other features you would like to implement if you are running an out-of-tree provider.

> 

Reviewer: This new section belongs in a reference page (that doesn't yet exist, I think).

We could have a **different** section that explains how to find out what feature flags your c-c-m offers.

Usually we don't include lists of feature flags within task explanations.

Author: Do we even need an additional reference page then? Is `command-line-tools-reference` maybe sufficient?

> #### Watch-Based Route Controller Reconciliation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Watch-based route controller reconciliation
```

> Beginning with Kubernetes v1.35, the cloud-controller-manager introduces a new **alpha** stage feature gate named `CloudControllerManagerWatchBasedRoutesReconciliation`. This feature transitions the route controller from a fixed-interval reconciliation model to a watch-based approach using node informers.

Reviewer: Try this
```suggestion
Since v1.35 of the cloud-controller-manager library, that library lets you configure event triggered reconciliation for node changes that might update routes.
The default in the v1.35 library is to use the older behavior with reconciliation on a fixed schedule.
This is controlled by the `CloudControllerManagerWatchBasedRoutesReconciliation` feature gate.
For more information, consult your cloud provider's documentation.
```

> When this feature is enabled, the route controller triggers a reconciliation loop whenever a node is added, deleted, or when the following fields are updated:

Reviewer: I'd omit this paragraph onwards; either readers can learn more from their provider's documentation, or they should be able to. We don't really need to document things more than this; even solution developers would get enough of a clue that there is a gate that they can enable in our library.
